DOCS-2193: Magento 1 refund notice (#1343)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/magento1/faq/processing-refunds.md

aliases: 
    - /integrations/magento1/faq/request-refund/
---

> {{< alert-notice >}} You can process refunds in your MultiSafepay Control and in your Magento 1 backend. Refunds processed in your MultiSafepay Control may not appear in your backend. {{< /alert-notice >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can process refunds in your MultiSafepay Control and in your Magento 1 backend. 

**Note:** Refunds processed in your MultiSafepay Control may not appear in your backend. ```
